WC-2972: Allow Workers Assets to be mounted to a path (#7476)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/early-baboons-fly.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

feat: allow mounting Workers Assets on wildcard paths not just the root - e.g. `example.com/blog/*` can now serve assets.

> These assets will be served matching the assets dir, so `example.com/blog/*` will serve assets from the `blog` dir within your assets output folder.

Reviewer: We have gone with the "mask" approach, not the "mount" approach, following the naming conventions used in previous discussions.

To be clear, if you have two routes:

- `example.com/blog/*` and
- `example.com/admin/*`

(and assuming the assets directory is `public`) then the first route would only ever serve assets from the `public/blog` directory and the second route would only ever serve assets from the `public/admin` directory, "for the same Worker deployment".

Author: yup, i forgot what the naming was and mount was what made sense in my head. naming is fun - i'll leave to korinne on whatever we want to describe it as publicly

> feat: allow mounting Workers Assets on wildcard paths not just the root - e.g. `example.com/blog/*` can now serve assets.
> These assets will be served matching the assets dir, so `example.com/blog/*` will serve assets from the `blog` dir within your assets output folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
feat: allow routing to Workers with Assets on any HTTP route, not just the root. For example, `example.com/blog/*` can now be used to serve assets.

These assets will be served as though the assets directly were mounted to the root. If the `asset.directory = "./public/", and `./public/blog/logo.png` will be available at `example.com/blog/logo.png`. Assets outside of directories which match the configured HTTP routes can still be accessed with the [Assets binding](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/binding/#binding) or with a [Service binding](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/) to this Worker.
```

---
"wrangler": minor
---

feat: allow routing to Workers with Assets on any HTTP route, not just the root. For example, `example.com/blog/*` can now be used to serve assets.
These assets will be served as though the assets directly were mounted to the root.

> For example, if you have `asset.directory = "./public/"` then `./public/blog/logo.png` will be available at `example.com/blog/logo.png`. Assets outside of directories which match the configured HTTP routes can still be accessed with the [Assets binding](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/binding/#binding) or with a [Service binding](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/) to this Worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you have `assets = { directory = "./public/" }`, a route like `"example.com/blog/*"` and a file `./public/blog/logo.png`, this will be available at `example.com/blog/logo.png`. Assets outside of directories which match the configured HTTP routes can still be accessed with the [Assets binding](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/binding/#binding) or with a [Service binding](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/) to this Worker.
```
